Do not normalize nondeterministic functions during analysis (#15924)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.6.5.rst

  statements to return invalid results if the partitions of the table changed
  after preparing the statements.

> - Fixed an issue that caused prepared statements to evaluate nondeterministic
>   functions eagerly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue that caused prepared statements to cache values of
   non-deterministic functions and use the same value for each execution. 
```
